# comm_lab
Project Name:30MFF

Project description: The project is to create a webpage about my debut film 30MFF.The overall concept and theme for my short film is ‘Save Water’. Since the short film has a genuine concern for the preservation and future of the water bodies, I wanted to create a webpage which could invoke curiosity and concern in people. The design style also reflects visitor expectations, and the film itself. Another speciality of the film was it is a one man show acted by my dear brother alone. Since the topic is a serious issue, subtle colours like white and grey were used to show the motion in a simple way. The main purpose is to entertain them while having them pay attention to the warning the movie was giving.

Process: Using coding to create something that will be viewed by people is simultaneously exhilarating and empowering. Since coding is something that I love, I had a lot of fun creating the webpage. Coding only needs a computer and a decent internet connection and the rest depend upon your vision. HTML ,CSS and Java script was used to create the webpage. The website opens itself to the movie. I wanted the visitors to be able to navigate the website easily. I wanted them to find the content they are looking for faster. Hence all the information regarding the movie can be found in the clear categories named Home, About , Plot and Cast.

Reflection/Evaluation : I had a clear aesthetic for my website ever since I read the project. The purpose and scope of the website is to cover the topic in-depth. I wanted to shoot the film with someone who is important to me since it was my first short film. The goal of the film is not profit but spreading awareness on water conservation. I was able to accomplish the goals I had set for myself in the beginning of the project but as I was creating the website I’ve realised that there are many areas I need to improve upon. I have many weaknesses which hinders my growth in skills and to become more competent at work including inexperience. So I plan on making my weakness mystrength in the future.
